SIW Upgrade Doc Configuration Updates (#2808)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget/main/index.md

After you've completed the Sign-In Widget upgrade and you want to take advantage of the new features in Okta Identity Engine, you can [configure your embedded Sign-In Widget](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/blob/master/README.md#embedded-self-hosted) to use the new Identity Engine Authentication features.

## Best practice for Sign-In Widget maintenance

For best practices, keep your [Sign-In Widget](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/blob/master/README.md) up to date. This maintenance is beneficial so that you can use the Okta Identity Engine features.

The specific steps to upgrade your Sign-In Widget depend on your [user authentication deployment model](/docs/concepts/redirect-vs-embedded/), which can be one of the following:

* [Redirect authentication](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget/main/#upgrade-process-for-a-redirect-sign-in) &mdash; Okta-hosted with no custom URL domain
* [Redirect authentication](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget/main/#upgrade-process-for-a-redirect-sign-in) &mdash; Okta-hosted with custom URL domain

> * [Embedded authentication](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget/main/#upgrade-process-for-an-embedded-sign-in-widget) &mdash; Self-hosted. The embedded widget is able to perform the OIDC flow and return OAuth tokens directly within the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Embedded authentication](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget/main/#upgrade-process-for-an-embedded-sign-in-widget) &mdash; Self-hosted. The embedded Widget is able to perform the OIDC flow and return OAuth tokens directly within the application.
```

## Best practice for user experience and application policies

In Classic Engine, the Okta Sign-In Widget had the default option to initialize without application context. In Identity Engine, you should use one of these OIDC flows so that you can optimize the user's sign-in experience and apply specific application policies:

> * [Server-side Web Application using "authorization_code" flow](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/#server-side-web-application-using-authorization-code-flow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Server-side web application using "authorization_code" flow](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/#server-side-web-application-using-authorization-code-flow)
```

> * [SPA or Native Application using PKCE](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/#spa-or-native-application-using-pkce)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SPA or native application using PKCE](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/#spa-or-native-application-using-pkce)
```

```

> **Note:** Consult the [Okta Sign-in Widget migration guide](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/blob/master/MIGRATING.md) if you're using major version 4 or earlier of the Sign-In Widget.

> ## Changes to Sign-In Widget configuration for Identity Engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changes to Sign-In Widget configuration for the Identity Engine
```

> For Identity Engine, Sign-In Widget is configured differently. Some specific objects that were previously in the Sign-In Widget configuration can be removed from the JavaScript, as described in the following sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Identity Engine, the Sign-In Widget is configured differently. You can remove some specific objects that were previously in the Sign-In Widget configuration from the JavaScript, as described in the following sections.
```

### Registration

> You no longer need the [registration](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#registration) JavaScript objects in the Widget. You can add registration into your application by configuring your Okta admin settings for [profile enrollment](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-profile-enrollment-policy-sr.htm). This process allows users to self register into your application.

Reviewer: still need an alias for this one

You can remove the registration objects as follows.

![Displays the registration objects in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change1.png)

### IdP Discovery

IdP Discovery enables you to route users to different third-party IdPs that are connected to your Okta org. Users can federate back into the primary org after authenticating at the IdP. This feature still functions, but you no longer need to enable the link for users to initialize the route. Instead, you can configure a Routing Rule with the application context.

You can remove the [IdP Discovery](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#idp-discovery) JavaScript object in the Widget as follows.

> ![Displays the iDP Discovery object in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Displays the IDP Discovery object in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change2.png)
```

### OpenID Connect/social authentication

> When [External Identity Providers (IdPs)](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#openid-connect) are used in Social Login, the supported IdPs (Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and LinkedIn) are declared with a type, get distinct styling and get default i18n text, while other entries receive general styling and require text to be provided. Each IdP can have additional CSS classes added through an optional `className` property. This feature still functions, however, it's no longer the preferred method to enable the link for users to initialize the route. This method can be replaced by configuring a Routing Rule with the application context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [external Identity Providers (IdPs)](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#openid-connect) are used with Social Login, the supported IdPs (Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and LinkedIn) are declared with a type, get distinct styling and get default i18n text, while other entries receive general styling and require you to provide text. Each IdP can have additional CSS classes added through an optional `className` property. This feature still functions, however, it's no longer the preferred method to enable the link for users to initialize the route. You can replace this method by configuring a routing rule with the application context.
```

You no longer need the [IdPs](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#openid-connect) JavaScript object and `className` property in the Sign-In Widget, and you can remove them as follows.

![Displays the IdPs object and className property in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change3.png)

### Smart card IdP

> You no longer need to configure the authentication settings for the smart card IdP, as it's no longer supported. You can remove the following authentication settings for the [smart card IdP](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#smart-card-idp) as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You no longer need to configure the authentication settings for the smart card IdP, as it's no longer supported. You can remove the authentication settings for the [smart card IdP](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#smart-card-idp) as follows.
```

![Displays the smart card IdP settings in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change4.png)

### Bootstrapping from a recovery token

If you're initializing the Widget with a [recovery token](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#bootstrapping-from-a-recovery-token), the `recoveryToken` setting appears, for example:

![Displays the recovery token setting](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change5.png)

> The recovery token is dynamic and is automatically passed into the initialization of the Widget. A value in the `recoveryToken` setting currently doesn't have any effect on Widget function, though, the setting will take effect in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recovery token is dynamic and is automatically passed into the initialization of the Widget. A value in the `recoveryToken` setting currently doesn't have any effect on Widget function, though, the setting takes effect in the future.
```

### Okta dashboard or custom dashboard sign-in

For [sign-in with the Okta dashboard](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/#sign-in-to-okta-with-the-default-dashboard), you no longer need to configure a redirect to the Okta Identity Cloud, create an Okta session, and then open a URL specified in the Widget. You can remove the redirect configuration as follows.

![Displays the Okta dashboard sign-in](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change6.png)

### Feature flags

> The only feature that is supported when you upgrade the Widget is `features.hideSignOutLinkInMFA`, which hides the sign-out link for MFA challenge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only feature that is supported when you upgrade the Widget is `features.hideSignOutLinkInMFA`, which hides the sign-out link for a MFA challenge.
```

The following specific features are no longer supported, and you must remove them from `features` in the JSON code:

> * `features.rememberMe` &mdash; Displayed the "Remember me" function at sign-in. This feature is no longer configurable. See the [Organization Settings](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/Security_General.htm?cshid=Security_General) section in the Okta product documentation to enable this feature.

Reviewer: Can we not have these start with active verbs rather than past tense? Displays, Recovers...and so on?

Also - this is an "in product" alias to the product doc page, not an external alias....is there an external alias available?

```suggestion
* `features.rememberMe` &mdash; Displayed the "Remember me" function when a user signs in. This feature is no longer configurable. See the [Organization Settings](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/Security_General.htm?cshid=Security_General) section in the Okta product documentation to enable this feature.
```

> * `features.autoPush` &mdash; Displayed a check box to enable the "Send push automatically" function in the MFA challenge flow. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. It may be added to policy configuration in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `features.autoPush` &mdash; Displayed a check box to enable the "Send push automatically" function in the MFA challenge flow. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. It may be added to the policy configuration in a future release.
```

> * `features.smsRecovery` &mdash; Recovered the password for users with a configured mobile phone number by using an SMS message. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. See the [password recovery policy](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-add-self-service-password-reset.htm) topic in the Okta product documentation to enable and configure a possession (for example, a phone) authenticator.

Reviewer: the link to the product docs is not an alias...we should always use aliases.

> * `features.callRecovery` &mdash; Recovered the password for users with a configured mobile phone number by using a voice call. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. See the [password recovery policy](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-add-self-service-password-reset.htm) topic in the Okta product documentation to enable and configure a possession (for example, a phone) authenticator.

Reviewer: the link to the product docs is not an alias...we should always use aliases.

> * `features.webauthn` &mdash; Prevented the Widget from invoking the legacy Windows Hello factor. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. See the [sign-on policy](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/about-okta-sign-on-policies.htm) in the Okta product documentation to enable and configure a possession authenticator.

Reviewer: the link to the product docs is not an alias...we should always use aliases.

> * `features.selfServiceUnlock` &mdash; Displayed the "Unlock Account" link so that users could unlock their accounts. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. See [self-service account recovery](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/authenticators/configure-sspr.htm) to enable this feature.

Reviewer: the link to the product docs is not an alias...we should always use aliases.

> * `features.multiOptionalFactorEnroll` &mdash; Allowed users to enroll in multiple optional factors before they finished the authentication flow. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. The [MFA enrollment and rules](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/about-mfa-enrollment-policies.htm) will be evaluated by default when applicable.

Reviewer: the link to the product docs is not an alias...we should always use aliases.

```suggestion
* `features.multiOptionalFactorEnroll` &mdash; Allowed users to enroll in multiple optional factors before they finished the authentication flow. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. The [MFA enrollment and rules](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/about-mfa-enrollment-policies.htm) are evaluated by default when applicable.
```

> * `features.registration` &mdash; Displayed the registration section in the primary auth page. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. The [profile enrollment policies](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-profile-enrollment-policy-sr.htm) will be evaluated by default when applicable.

Reviewer: the link to the product docs is not an alias...we should always use aliases.

```suggestion
* `features.registration` &mdash; Displayed the registration section in the primary auth page. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. The [profile enrollment policies](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/policies/create-profile-enrollment-policy-sr.htm) are evaluated by default when applicable.
```

> * `features.idpDiscovery` &mdash; Enabled IdP Discovery when the user signed in. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. The [Identity Provider routing rules](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/Identity_Provider_Discovery.htm) will be evaluated by default when applicable.

Reviewer: the link to the product docs is not an alias...we should always use aliases.

```suggestion
* `features.idpDiscovery` &mdash; Enabled IdP Discovery when the user signed in. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. The [Identity Provider routing rules](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/Identity_Provider_Discovery.htm) are evaluated by default when applicable.
```

> * `features.showPasswordToggleOnSignInPage` &mdash; Provided end users with the ability to toggle visibility of their password on the Okta Sign-In page so that they could check their password entry before clicking **Sign In**, and prevented an account lock-out due to exceeding their org's permitted number of failed sign-in attempts. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. It may be added to policy configuration in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `features.showPasswordToggleOnSignInPage` &mdash; Provided end users with the ability to toggle visibility of their password on the Okta sign-In page so that they could check their password entry before clicking **Sign In**. This feature also prevented an account lock-out due to exceeding their org's permitted number of failed sign-in attempts. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. It may be added to policy configuration in a future release.
```

> * `features.scrollOnError` &mdash; Scrolled errors into view. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. Errors are going to be displayed inside the Widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `features.scrollOnError` &mdash; Scrolled errors into view. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. Errors appear inside the Widget.
```

* `features.skipIdpFactorVerificationBtn` &mdash; Provided an automatic redirect to the selected Identity Provider when selected from the list of factors. This feature is no longer configurable in the Widget. It is no longer needed since the optional authenticators have the ability to skip by default.

### I18n properties

> After you upgrade your org to Okta Identity Engine, you can override existing text strings in the interface with Identity Engine i18n strings so that you can create localized Widgets. See [Updates to the Sign-In Widget i18n properties](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget-i18n).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you upgrade your org to the Identity Engine, you can override existing text strings in the interface with Identity Engine i18n strings so that you can create localized Widgets. See [Updates to the Sign-In Widget i18n properties](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget-i18n).
```
